# Dressage Tests

Current to-do

Rails

- Upgrade to Rails 6 - yes
- figure what happened to my users/sessions - autogenerated with devise, figure out how use jwt with devise
- Make sure all API functions work
- JWT-devise
- OAuth - figure out how to add it to the api (not just to the rails app or the SPA that is not linked to the backend)
- Secure API?
- GraphQL?
- Eventually change to serve admin functions only
- Remove unneeded stuff
- Fix seeds for spelling and accuracy errors
- Last thing: Add Second/Third/Fourth Level, FEI tests

SPA

- Add Filtering
- Add Search
- OAuth from frontend
- Integrate/Embed Arena drawing app (Canvas? Phaser?)
- add sharing and such

New features (both)

- Add User and Admin roles
- Users can favorite tests, set settings (theme, arena size)
- Admin can do all users can do, plus add tests

## Working version (2018)

https://dressage-tests.herokuapp.com/
2019 training and first level now deployed!

A mobile-friendly dressage test directory. Wondering what your test is? Last minute look up? No time to print? Easily view your test from your phone or tablet!

All tests copyright of their respective copyright holders.
Mobile app planned for future.
Other tests (eventing, working equitation, FEI, para-equestrian) may be added on request or as time permits.

For non-equestrians: Dressage is an equestrian sport and is with the exception of freestyle is a fixed set of patterns called 'tests'.

Don't go around studying the wrong test!!

This app runs on Ruby on Rails with postgreSQL, using bootstrap and filterific.

EC/USEF tests only for now. Others may be added on request as well (send them to me and let me know where to find them!)
